File Sorting and Moving Script (GroupByDateModified.ipynb)
This script helps you sort and organize files in a source directory by moving them into subdirectories based on their modification dates. Files are grouped into folders named after the corresponding year and month of their last modification.

Prerequisites
Python 3.x installed on your system
Required Python packages: os, shutil, datetime, tkinter
Setup
Ensure that you have Python 3.x installed on your system.
Save the script to a Jupyter Notebook file with the name GroupByDateModified.ipynb.
Usage
Open a terminal or command prompt.
Navigate to the directory where you saved the script.
Launch Jupyter Notebook by running the following command:
Copy code
jupyter notebook
Jupyter Notebook will open in your web browser.
In the Jupyter Notebook interface, navigate to the directory where you saved the GroupByDateModified.ipynb file.
Click on the notebook file to open it.
Follow the instructions within the notebook to run the script and select the source directory.
The script will create subdirectories within the source directory based on the modification dates of the files.
Each file will be moved to the corresponding subdirectory based on its year and month of modification.
Once the process is complete, a success message will be displayed indicating that files have been sorted and moved successfully.
Note
The script uses the Tkinter library to provide a file dialog for selecting the source directory.
Files are sorted and moved based on their last modification date, which is obtained from the file's modification timestamp.
The destination subdirectories are created within the source directory using the format "Month Year" (e.g., "July 2023").
Each file is moved to the corresponding subdirectory based on its year and month of modification.
The script does not modify or delete any files in the source directory.
Example
Launch Jupyter Notebook and navigate to the directory where you saved the GroupByDateModified.ipynb file.
Open the notebook file.
Follow the instructions within the notebook to run the script and select the source directory.
The script will analyze the files and create subdirectories within the source directory based on their modification dates.
Each file will be moved to the corresponding subdirectory based on its year and month of modification.
Once the process is complete, a success message will be displayed indicating that files have been sorted and moved successfully.
Please let me know if you need any further assistance or have additional questions!
